[Music]
hi welcome to Madrid recipe.com today we
will see how to prepare chhola bhatoora
this is a very tasty and very very very
popular North Indian dish this is such a
unique combination that is just awesome
with each other so let's get started
we will begin by making dough to make
this patois for this here I have two
cups of all-purpose flour or maida to
that I will add some sushi or semolina
next adding some salt to taste also have
some sugar about 1 teaspoon some baking
soda now first give good mix for ultra
ingredients next put in some yogurt and
start to knead this intuitive and now we
will continue to knead this by adding
water we have to make sure not to put
too much water as we don't want to make
this very soft or this has to be a
little bit stick and now continue
kneading this bring this all together
now this toy is almost ready
it looks good now you can see the
consistency of this - this is pretty
thick or Steptoe and not very smooth or
very soft oh this is the consistency
we're looking for now add some few drops
of oil and coat it
it prevents it from forming cracks cover
this ax and we will keep it to rest at
any warm place for four hours our dough
for making Butera is getting ready in
the meantime we will start to make our
chinami sarah our chole masala for that
here I have some hot oil in a pressure
cooker to that I'm gonna put some cumin
seeds also I'm going to put some bay
leaf and some finely chopped onion and
mix it all right I will let my onions
get little golden brown well onion looks
good and they have become nice and soft
and caramelized well next I'm gonna put
some ginger-garlic paste stir this and
cook this for about a minute okay after
about a minute now it's a time to add
some chole masala today I am gonna make
use of this store-bought chana masala if
you don't have this masala available you
still can make this chana masala using
homemade spices just make the
combination of some cumin powder
coriander powder amchoor powder garam
masala and red chili powder so I will
put this chana masala
to cook for two minutes after about two
minutes let's put in some chopped
tomatoes
hmmm this is smelling heavenly also put
in some water I'm gonna add some red
chilli powder I like my channel a little
bit on spicier side mix and I will
continue to cook this till the time this
tomatoes become very soft and gets
totally dissolved with onions as you can
see this tomatoes are cool it is all
with this onion and also all has started
to separate now it's the time to add
some chickpeas and here I have ROG
chickpeas which has been washed and
soaked overnight
put some water accordingly
how much thick or thin baby you want
also add salt to taste mix it looks
super delicious and now put the lid on
cook this until 7 to 8 whistles well now
this jar is cooked until 8 whistles and
all the fish has also gone
let's check this hmm it's smelling so
good
Wow you can see awesome it has got
really nice thick gravy and this
chickpea is also very well cooked
looks just perfect all right our chinami
Sala is ready
and also this dough has been sitting for
4 hours now let's see how it is doing as
you can see this dough is raised up a
little bit now again I'm gonna make this
and smooth it out all right it looks
nice and soft now spread this dough in
small balls like this about this much
bake
and we need to start roll it
now try to roll this into big sized boy
well I have rolled it into a big booty
no let's dip right drop this butter in
hot oil very carefully and try to push
it down from all the sides so that it
will perform you can say this is puffed
up really nice Wow looks awesome now
flip this over and let it get cooked
from other side as well clean out all
the excess I this butter is ready I hope
you have enjoyed watching today's
session for such and more and more
exciting recipes please visit mother
agha recipe.com developing a new test
see you soon bye bye
[Music]